add more details about first frame and EngineInfo (#222)
decentraland/adr: content/ADR-219-static-entities.md

- `PlayerEntity = 1`
- `CameraEntity = 2`

All the components presented in this document MUST be updated at the physics phase of each tick as per [ADR-148](/adr/ADR-148).

### RootEntity

The `Transform` component of the RootEntity cannot be modified by any system. All updates coming from the scene MAY be ignored or have no effect.

The `UiCanvasInformation` component of the RootEntity MUST be set by the renderer to inform the scene about the current canvas size and the current UI scale. This component is described in the [ADR-124](/adr/ADR-124)

> The `EngineInformation` component of the RootEntity MUST be set by the renderer to inform the scene about information of the engine.

Reviewer: Would you mind rephrasing this sentence 🙏 ? I'm not sure I understood what you meant.

Author: ```suggestion
The `EngineInformation` component of the RootEntity contains information about the current frame number, tick number and total elapsed time counters. The component MUST be updated by the renderer each frame.
```

The `UiCanvasInformation` component of the RootEntity MUST be set by the renderer to inform the scene about the current canvas size and the current UI scale. This component is described in the [ADR-124](/adr/ADR-124)

> The `EngineInformation` component of the RootEntity contains information about the current frame number, tick number and total elapsed time counters. The component MUST be updated by the renderer each frame.

Author: I think saying "each frame" is more precise in this case, because it is done "in" the frame and not "for" the frame

> The `EngineInformation` component of the RootEntity contains information about the current frame number, tick number and total elapsed time counters. The component MUST be updated by the renderer each frame.

Reviewer: WDYT about `in each frame`?
